EzShop App
===
Abstract:
EzShop is a Django-based web application designed to streamline various aspects of shop management, including sales tracking, inventory management, employee management, and financial transactions. This README provides an overview of the project structure, installation instructions, and key features.

## Papar Information

- Shop Management: Create and manage shop profiles, including basic information and business details.
- Service and Product Management: Maintain a catalog of services and products offered by the shop.
- Sales Management: Track sales by staff members and administrators, including item and service sales.
- Day Closing and Reporting: Perform day-end closing activities and generate reports on daily sales and closures.
- Role Management: Define roles and permissions for users within the system.
- Employee Management: Manage employee details, including profiles and transactions.
- Expense Management: Track different types of expenses incurred by the shop.
- Transaction Management: Record and manage receipt and payment transactions.
- Bank Management: Record bank deposits and manage associated details.
- Employee Transaction Management: Track transactions related to employees, such as salaries and bonuses.
- Daily Summary Management: Generate daily summaries of activities and performance metrics.


## Install & Dependence
- python
- pytorch
- numpy

## Dataset Preparation
| Dataset | Download |
| ---     | ---   |
| dataset-A | [download]() |
| dataset-B | [download]() |
| dataset-C | [download]() |

## Installation

Follow these steps to set up and run the EzShop Django project:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:
```
git clone <repository-url>
```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
```
cd ezshop
```
3. Create a virtual environment and activate it:
```python -m venv env
source env/bin/activate
```
4. Install project dependencies:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
5. Run the python commands
```
python manage.py migrate
python manage.py runserver
```
6. Access the application in your web browser at http://localhost:8000.

## Directory Hierarchy
```
ezshopapp/: Contains the main Django application.
migrations/: Database migration files generated by Django.
static/: Static files such as CSS, JavaScript, and images.
templates/: HTML templates for rendering views.
models.py: Defines database models for the application.
views.py: Contains view functions for handling HTTP requests.
urls.py: Defines URL patterns for routing requests to appropriate views.
config/: Configuration directory for Django project settings.
settings.py: Django settings file for project configuration.
urls.py: Main URL configuration file.
media/: Directory for storing user-uploaded media files (e.g., images).
README.md: Documentation file providing an overview of the project.
```

## Contributer
- Nasbeer Ahammed [@nazbeer](https://github.com/nazbeer) - CTO, Mite Solutions

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [MIT LICENSE](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) file for details.
